See, when you're a little kid, nobody ever warns you that you've got an expiration date. One day you're hot stuff and the next day you're a dirt sandwich.
Hello, Springfield. Sorry to divert your attention from all the big noises and shiny things. But something's been troubling me lately: television! Wouldn't our lives be so much richer if television were done away with?
The gods may throw a dice, their minds as cold as ice. And someone way down here loses someone dear. The winner takes it all, the loser has to fall. It's simple and it's plain, why should I complain?
Little brat. I invent the game, find the kid, drag him up there, and he doesn't wanna be a Starfighter. I give up!
This day does not belong to one man but to all. Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace.
You remind me that I am a mere mortal and you are a prince of Faerie. Well, let me remind you that means you have much to lose and I have nothing.
Wow! I've never seen so many guests from different parts of the world in one place! I'll bet you could hear some stories about places you've never been to, huh?
My son, from whence this madness, this neglect of my commands, and those whom I protect? Why this unmanly rage? Recall to mind whom you forsake, what pledges leave behind.
Here's our man. Yeah, all right. Here's me. Well, the guy playin' me anyway. Even though he don't look nothin' like me. But, whatever.
Whereas by the benefit of words and ratiocination they exceed brute beasts in knowledge, and the commodities that accompany the same, so they exceed them also in error.
Fireflies, a million little pieces, feeds the dying light, and brings me back to life. In your eyes, I see something to believe in, your hands are like a flame, your palms' the sweetest pain.
No battle is ever won. They are not even fought. The field only reveals to man his own folly and despair, and victory is an illusion of philosophers and fools.
As the United States assumed greater status as a power in world politics, Americans came to believe that the nation's actions on the world stage should be guided by American political and moral principles.
The prize returns to me. Did you imagine that I would let you steal it from me? You what? That jewel belongs to my father and you know it. Your father, a good-for-nothing scavenger just like his daughter!
Selling short is a way to make money if stock prices fall. It involves selling stock you do not currently own in the expectation of buying it back later at a lower price. It's hoping to buy low and sell high, but in reverse order.
A semitrailer is legally defined as a vehicle designed so that a portion of its weight rests on a towing vehicle. This distinguishes it from a full trailer on which the entire load, except for a drawbar, rests on its own wheels.
Writing is hard work. A clear sentence is no accident. Very few sentences come out right the first time, or even the third time. Remember this in moments of despair. If you find that writing is hard, it's because it is hard.
They're surrounding the city to make a fortress so that no one can see what they're up to inside. Our only chance is the element of surprise.
And, anyway, it's not about making money, it's about taking money. Disrupting the status quo, because the status is not quo. The world is a mess and I just need to rule it.
Like frozen sentries of the Serengeti, the century-old termite mounds had withstood all tests of time and foe - all tests, that is, except the one involving drunken aardvarks and a stolen wrecking ball.